And the final bit that you are going to look at in the workshop
session this afternoon is a tool called Rollbar.
And, Rollbar, again, super useful.
You can sign up for a free trial account to exercise it a little bit.
But when you sign up, if you elect the programming language you're looking for,
it gives you some handy-dandy instructions on how
to get your module initialized.
So you can start sending some test notifications pretty quickly,
but you'll find that there is an Express middleware that you can actually plug
directly into your application that will capture exceptions coming in to your
Express app and send them directly to Rollbar.
So your mission, if you would choose to accept it,
is to sign up for a free Rollbar account and start sending any
exceptions which are caught by Express to Rollbar.
Now, one thing that you'll, I'm sure,
figure out in your travels is that the order in which you add
middleware to an Express application is significant.
And,
the errors that you put in place for 404 handling and for error handling
are going to come after the routes that you define.
So here in the routes file, this is --- oh, that's a different one.
This is where your application routes are defined.
We're probably not going to do it here.
Where we're going to go is into webapp.
js where we configure our other middleware.
And,
after our other routes in middleware have had a
chance to try to handle the request,
somewhere down beneath here we're probably going to add in
that other middleware that's going to start capturing
exceptions and sending them to Rollbar.
You can test that by throwing an exception in one of the
controllers and seeing that bubble into the middleware.
The signature for an error handling middleware is going to be app.
use, and then that function is going to have an arity of 4,
I believe, which is going to be a request,
response, the next handler,
and then the error that was produced further up in the stack.
The Rollbar module will, I believe,
provide one of these types of middleware that you can just plug directly in.
So, it actually ends up working out pretty great.
You can also add your own custom error handling logic in this way as well.
So the issue for that is out on GitHub, and that's going to be Issue #38.
So, we're going to add some error handling into our Express application,
and in the production environment,
we're going to want to send that error information to Rollbar.
So we should think about where it would make sense to store our
Rollbar service key in our configuration and how to put the proper
checks in place to make sure that it's only happening in our
production environment rather than Dev or Test.
So we'll take, I'm going to say, 20 minutes to break that down.
I bet that's something we can get in place pretty quickly
and then we can take a look at what that feedback looks
like in the Rollbar interface.
Yes Mark.
Did the Beanstalk actually provision more instances?
I don't know if I saw it actually provision more.
Oh wait, yeah there's two, right?
Yeah.
So there was a third that got provisioned,
and I think it could have gone up to six.
But the network usage wasn't the best like indicator in this case because like
we weren't actually sending all that much data over the wire,
but it was more of like the deluge of requests and the CPU would have been a
better indicator for when we should spin up more instances.
And does it cool back down?
Yeah, it will cool back down.
Eventually,
this list will drop to just one after it's determined that like
we're not sending as much data over the wire.
Pretty awesome!
It's pretty handy.
So you put a really heavy load on it.
Can you hear the credit card machine running?
Yeah.
Can you have like a live websocket counter of all the
money that's coming out of your account?
I don't know.
Hopefully --- I've been spamming it a lot,
but it seems like I haven't used up my credits yet,
so we'll see. I'm willing to take that one for the team though.